---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-14T19:11:14.912Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-14T18:52:05.250Z'
title: Push Pin
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-14-push-pin.md
published: true
url: push-pin/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Push Pin

The weird thing is, I've written this post several dozen times in my head over the last couple of months. However, by the time I get to a computer, there's something else to do, and I put it off until later.

I'm not sure if anyone's even reading the good ol' El Blog, either by stopping by the blog's page or by feed reader. But, just like Robert Neville, if there's anyone listening, I've gotta broadcast.

Still working. This is certainly not a foregone conclusion.

Lost 50 pounds, on a "cookie" based diet called Smart For Life.

Manda and I have moved to Grand Prairie, away from the west Fort Worth house we've spent the last three years in. Not only is it closer to my work (by two-thirds), it's also four miles closer to her work in south Fort Worth.

The big thing on my mind, though, is my mind. Or, more accurately, my brain.

In the last few years, there have been periods of weeks where I've had splitting headaches. They'll come in batches, and sometimes they respond to Excedrin Migraine or other heavy-duty OTC meds. After a few of them, they go away and everything's fine, until the next one.

If it was just headaches, I would chalk it up to stress. But there's also the problem of my memory... and the holes in it.

With an increasing frequency, I've been forgetting things. Things like where the breaker box is in our new apartment, when I've told Manda that I'd found it and where it was when we moved in. Nothing of earth-shattering importance, like my wedding anniversary (May 27) or things of that nature. But I'm finding that I need to write down things every day, or I'll lose the day-to-day stuff.

Hypochondriac? I didn't use to be. Now, I'm wondering if I have cancer again. And I'm going to the doctor to find out next week.

I'm not writing this to be melodramatic, or make anyone worry. I guess it's mostly for me. If nothing is wrong with me that time away from work or other methods of decompression would fix, I get to look back and say what an idiot I've been in the past. But, i there is something wrong, I can look back here and say that this was when I first acknowledged it.